Update 104-test-prioritization.md (#1999)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/113-qa/content/100-qa-basics/104-test-prioritization.md

> # Test prioritization
> Test prioritization is **the process of ordering the test cases to be conducted eventually**. Prioritizing test cases aids to meet two important constraints namely time and budget in software testing in order to enhance the fault detection rate as early as possible.
> 
> As the name suggests, test case prioritization refers to prioritizing test cases in test suite on the basis of different factors. Factors could be code coveratgek, risk/critical modules, functionality, features, etc.
> 
> **Why is Test Case Prioritization important?**
> 1. Testing is one of the most critically important phases of the SDLC which consumes significant resoureces in terms of cost, effort, and time.
> 2. The difficult part of testing is the risk management, test planning, cost value, and being analytical about which test to run for your specific project.
> 3. Prioritizing test cases also helps in meeting the project milestones along with meeting customer requirements and expectations.
> 4. Early detection of bugs can also be achieved.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.browserstack.com/guide/test-case-prioritization'>A Tour of what is Test Prioritization?</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="purple" href='https://www.professionalqa.com/test-prioritization#:~:text=What%20is%20Test%20Prioritization%3F,context%20of%20the%20specific%20project.'>Test Prioritization</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/test-case-prioritization-in-software-testing/'>Learn about Test Prioritization</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='green' badgeText='read' href='https://testomat.io/features/test-case-priorities/'>Test Prioritization fundamentals!</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Test Prioritization

Test prioritization is ordering the test cases to be conducted eventually. Prioritizing test cases aids to meet two important constraints, namely time and budget in software testing to enhance the fault detection rate as early as possible.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.browserstack.com/guide/test-case-prioritization'>A Tour of what is Test Prioritization?</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.professionalqa.com/test-prioritization'>Test Prioritization</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/test-case-prioritization-in-software-testing/'>Learn about Test Prioritization</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://testomat.io/features/test-case-priorities/'>Test Prioritization fundamentals!</BadgeLink>
```
